good morning
Custom has not commonly 1000 regarded as a subject of any great moment.The inner workings of our own brains we feel to be uniquely worthy of investigation,but custom, we have a way of thinking, is behaviour at is most commonplace.As a matter of fact, it is the other way around.Traditional custom, taken the world over, is a mass of detailed behaviourmore astonishing than what any one person can ever evolve in individual actions, no matter how aberrant.Yet that is a rather trivial aspect of the matter.The fact of first-rate importance is the predominant role that custom plays in experience and in belief,and the very final varieties it may manifest.No man ever first at the world with pristine eyes.He sees it edited by a definite set of customs and institutions and ways of thinking.Even in his philosophical probings he cannot go behind these stereotypes;his very concepts of the true and the false will still have reference to his particular traditional customs.John unisoud fff bbbb as  ccc se
dinner
{"Grammar": "", "GrammarWeight": "", "Version": 1, "DisplayText": "Far away", "Markers": [{"Position": {"Start": 0, "Length": 8}, "Type": "Linking"}]}
Postcards always spoil my holidays.5000 summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbut I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbut I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a card
hello 3，I'm nice to meet you
After some time they came out.
Postcards always spoil my holidays.4920 summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbut I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbut I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a feItalianbutI went to Italy.
dinner
Yes, I am
aabaa
Custom has not commonly been regarded as a subject of any great moment.The inner workings of our own brains we feel to be uniquely worthy of investigation,but custom, we have a way of thinking, is behaviour at is most commonplace.As a matter of fact, it is the other way around.Traditional custom, taken the world over, is a mass of detailed behaviourmore astonishing than what any one person can ever evolve in individual actions, no matter how aberrant.Yet that is a rather trivial aspect of the matter.The fact of first-rate importance is the predominant role that custom plays in experience and in belief,and the very great varieties it may manifest.No man ever looks at the world with pristine eyes.He sees it edited by a definite set of customs and institutions and ways of thinking.Even in his philosophical probings he cannot go behind these stereotypes;his very concepts of the true and the false will still have reference to his particular traditional customs.John Dewey has said in all seriousness that the part played by custom in shaping the behaviour of the individual,as against any way in which he can affect traditional custom,is as the proportion of the total vocabulary of his mother tongueagainst those words of his own baby talk that are taken up into the vernacular of his family.When one seriously studies the social orders that have had the opportunity to develop autonomously,the figure becomes no more than an exact and matter-of -fact observation.The life history of the individual is first and foremost an accommodationto the patterns and standards traditionally handed down in his community.From the moment of his birth,the customs into which he is born shape his experience and behaviour.By the time he can talk, he is the little creature of his culture,and by the time he is grown and able to take part in its activities,its habits are his habits, its beliefs his beliefs, its impossibilities his impossibilities.Every child that is born into his group will share them with him,and no child born into one on the opposite side of the globe can ever achieve the thousandth part.There is no social problem it is more incumbent upon us to understand than this of the role of custom.Until we are intelligent as to its laws and varieties,the main complicating facts of human life must remain unintelligible.The study of custom can be profitable only after certain preliminary propositions have been accepted,and some of these propositions have been violently opposed.In the first place, any scientific study requires that there be nopreferential weighting of one or another of the items in the series it selects for its consideration.In all the less controversial fields,like the study of cacti or termites or the nature of nebulae,the necessary method of study is to group the relevant material and to take note of all possible variant forms and conditions.In this way, we have learned all that we know of the laws of astronomy, or of the habits of the social insects, let us say.It is only in the study of man himself that the major social scienceshave substituted the study of one local variation, that of Western civilization.Anthropology was by definition impossible,as long as these distinctions between ourselves and the primitive,ourselves and the barbarian, ourselves and the pagan, held sway over people's minds.It was necessary first to arrive at that degree of sophisticationwhere we no longer set our own belief against our neighbour's superstition.It was necessary to recognize thatthese institutions which are based on the same premises, let us say the supernatural,must be considered together, our own among the rest.
Economy is one powerful motive for camping,since after the initial outlay upon equipment, or through hiring it,the total expense can be far less than the cost of hotels.But, contrary to a popular assumption, it is far from being the only one, or even the greatest.The man who manoeuvres carelessly into his {{twenty}} pounds' worth of spaceat one of Europe's myriad permanent sites may find himself bumping a Bentley.More likely, Ford Escort will be hub to hub with Renault or Mercedes,but rarely with bicycles made for two.That the equipment of modern camping becomes yearly more sophisticatedis an entertaining paradox for the cynic,a brighter promise for the hopeful traveller who has sworn to get away from it all.It also provides--and some student sociologist might care to base his thesis upon the phenomenon--an escape of another kind.The modern traveller is often a man who dislikes the Splendide and the Bellavista,not because he cannot afford, or shuns their material comforts, but because he is afraid of them.Affluent he may be, but he is by no means sure what to tip the doorman or the chambermaid.Master in his own house he has little idea of when to say boo to a manager hotel.From all such fears camping releases him.Granted, a snobbery of camping itself, based upon equipment and techniques, already exists;but it is of a kind that, if he meets it, he can readily understand and deal with.There is no superior 'they' in the shape of managements and hotel hierarchies to darken his holiday days.To such motives, yet another must be added.The contemporary phenomenon of car worship is to be explainednot least by the sense of independence and freedom that ownership entails.To this pleasure camping gives an exquisite refinement.From one's own front door to home or foreign hills or sands and back again, everything is to hand.Not only are the means of arriving at the holiday paradiseentirely within one's own command and keeping,but the means of escape from holiday hell (if the beach proves too crowded, the local weather too inclement)are there, outside--or, as likely, part of--the tent.Idealists have objected to the practice of camping, as to the package tour,that the traveller abroad thereby denies himself the opportunity of getting to know the people of the country visited.Insularity and self-containment, it is argued, go hand in hand.The opinion does not survive experience of a popular Continental camping place.Holiday hotels tend to cater for one nationality of visitors especially, sometimes exclusively.Camping sites, by contrast, are highly cosmopolitan.Granted, a preponderance of Germans is a characteristicthat seems common to most Mediterranean sites;but as yet there is no overwhelmingly specialized patronage.Notices forbidding the open-air drying of clothes,or the use of water points for car washing,or those inviting 'our camping friends' to a dance or a boat tripare printed not only in French or Italian or Spanish, but also in English, German and Dutch.At meal times the odour of sauerkraut vies with that of garlic.The Frenchman's breakfast coffee competes with the Englishman's bacon and eggs.Whether the remarkable growth of organized campingmeans the eventual death of the more independent kind is hard to say.Municipalities naturally want to secure the campers' site fees and other custom.Police are wary of itinerants who cannot be traced to a recognized camp boundary or to four walls.But most probably it will all depend upon campers themselves:how many heath fires they cause; how much litter they leave;in short, whether or not they wholly alienate landowners and those who live in the countryside.Only good scouting is likely to preserve the freedoms so dear to the heart of the eternal Boy Scout.
你好I was  waiting for a letter from my friend Sam
Hello
Dinner
Once there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city.
Jasper White is 723 of those rare people who believes in ancient myths He has just bought a new house in the city but ever since he moved in he has had trouble with cars and their owners When he returns home at night he always finds that someone has parked a car outside his gate Because of this he has not been able to get his own car into his garage even once Jasper has put up 'No Parking' signs outside his gate but these have not had any effect Now he has put an ugly stone head over the gate It is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen I asked him what it was and he told me that it was Medusa the Gorgon Jasper hopes that she will turn cars and their owners to stone But none of them has been turned to stone yet
After some time they came out.
what is your name,what is your name.
nice to meet you,lingling
how are you,3?
Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to -my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!
but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.Then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word. Everyday I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly
but I did not send cards to my friends. On the last day I made a big decision.I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
but I did not send cards to my friends.


